Push Notification Overhaul (#205)
Morphclue/apollusia: README.md

```bash
npx web-push generate-vapid-keys
```

To set up Keycloak, follow these steps
- Run it with `docker compose up -d keycloak`
- Go to `http://localhost:8080/auth`.
- Create a new realm called `apollusia`
- Create a client called `web` with the following options:
  - Valid Redirect URLs: `http://localhost:4200/*`
  - Valid Post Logout Redirect URLs: `+`
  - Web Origins: `+`.
- Under Login options, configure:
  - User registration: On
  - Forgot password: On
  - Remember me: On
  - Email as username: On
  - Login with email: On

>   - Duplicate emails: Off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Duplicate emails: Off (or in an disabled On state)
```

>   - Duplicate emails: Off

Reviewer: Okay, then leave it as is.

>   - Duplicate emails: Off

Author: I think it's fixed in newer keycloak versions anyway. https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak/pull/28169 -> since v25

```bash
npx web-push generate-vapid-keys
```

To set up Keycloak, follow these steps
- Run it with `docker compose up -d keycloak`
- Go to `http://localhost:8080/auth`.
- Create a new realm called `apollusia`
- Create a client called `web` with the following options:
  - Valid Redirect URLs: `http://localhost:4200/*`
  - Valid Post Logout Redirect URLs: `+`
  - Web Origins: `+`.
- Under "Realm Settings > Login", configure:
  - User registration: On
  - Forgot password: On
  - Remember me: On
  - Email as username: On
  - Login with email: On
  - Duplicate emails: Off
  - Verify email: Off
- Under "Realm Settings > User profile", create an attribute:
  - Attribute [Name]: pushTokens
  - Display Name: Push Tokens
  - Multivalued: On
  - Attribute Group: user-metadata
  - Who can edit?: User, Admin
  - Who can view?: User, Admin

> - Create a user as follows:
>   - Username/email: admin@apollusia.com
>   - First Name: Apollusia
>   - Last Name: Admin
>   - Email Verified: On
>   - Credentials > Password: `root`
>   - Role Mapping > Assign Role > Filter by clients > Select all (the list may be long, change pagination to 100 elements to see all) > Assign
>   - Role Mapping > Assign Role > Filter by realm roles > Select all > Assign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a user as follows:
  - Email Verified: Yes
  - Username/email: admin@apollusia.com
  - First Name: Apollusia
  - Last Name: Admin
  - Hit Create
  - Credentials > Set Password: `root` 
  - Role Mapping > Assign Role > Filter by clients > Select all (the list may be long, change pagination to 100 elements to see all) > Assign
  - Role Mapping > Assign Role > Filter by realm roles > Select all > Assign
```

Author: https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/105116/is-it-a-user-or-an-user
